NAME
    PPI::Tinderbox - Process all of CPAN to find parsing bugs

DESCRIPTION
    The nature of PPI means that it is never perfect at parsing files, just
    good enough to get the job done.

    In order to keep the accuracy of the parser improving it is necesary to
    run various tasks against every known CPAN module in order to hunt down
    problems in the parser.

    The PPI Tinderbox package is designed to do just this. It implements a
    PPI::Processor subclass that takes an installation of MiniCPAN and
    processes every perl file, checking for a variety of different problems,
    including parsing exceptions, crashing the parser, circular reference
    leaks, and including searches within the lexed Documents for clues
    indicative of a mis-parse.

  Structure and Design
    Initially, the PPI Tinderbox will be single-process and single-processor
    only. This is primarily to enable the PPI::Processor base class to be
    implemented easily, so that we can start to generate useful test data as
    quickly as possible, to enable proper debugging of PPI for it's 1.0
    release.

    Given that the problem of parsing 35,000-odd perl files is
    "embarrasingly parallel" it is expected that some sort of parallel
    version of PPI::Processor will become available relatively quickly, and
    once this occurs it would be expected that the PPI Tinderbox would
    change to use that version instead.

METHODS
new minicpan => $CPAN::Mini,
    The "new" constructor creates a new PPI Tinderbox top level object,
    which stores the configuration and acts primarily as a management class,
    setting up and launching the Processor.

    Returns a new PPI::Tinderbox object, or "undef" on error.

SUPPORT
    Bugs should always be submitted via the CPAN bug tracker

    <http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=PPI%3A%3ATinderbox>

    For other issues, contact the maintainer

AUTHOR
    Adam Kennedy (Maintainer), <http://ali.as/>, cpan@ali.as

    Funding provided by The Perl Foundation

COPYRIGHT
    Copyright (c) 2004 - 2005 Adam Kennedy. All rights reserved. This
    program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
    the same terms as Perl itself.

    The full text of the license can be found in the LICENSE file included
    with this module.

